feat(helm): Add location to set hostUsers (#1751)
kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server: charts/metrics-server/README.md

| `podAnnotations`                                 | Annotations to add to the pod.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `{}`                                                                           |
| `podSecurityContext`                             | Security context for the pod.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `{}`                                                                           |
| `securityContext`                                | Security context for the _metrics-server_ container.                                                                                                                                                                                                             | _See values.yaml_                                                              |

> | `hostUsers`                                      | If `false` the _metrics-server_ container will use user namespaces for additional isolation. This may not be supported on all kubernetes distributions.    | _See values.yaml_                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hostUsers`                                      | If set to `false`, the pod will use user namespaces for additional isolation. This may not be supported on all kubernetes distributions.    | `nil`                                                                          |
```
That looks better.

> | `hostUsers`                                      | Should the _metrics-server_ container use system `hostUsers`                                                                                                                                                                                                     | _See values.yaml_                                                              |

Reviewer: I think this could be described better, something like _"If `true`, use user namespaces."_ but ideally with a bit more more details.

Author: I've added a bit more detail.  Is that closer?
